packages/salesforce: Update docs to reflect the use of optional security token (#11512)
elastic/integrations: packages/salesforce/_dev/build/docs/README.md

### Password

The password used to authenticate the user.

> If your Salesforce instance uses a security token, it should be appended at the end of the password without spaces or any characters.
> For example:
> ```
> password = pass123
> security_token = sectoken321
> ```
> This field should be filled as `pass123sectoken321`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When using a Salesforce instance with a security token, append the token directly to your password without spaces or special characters. For example, if your password is `password` and your security token is `12345`, you would enter: `password12345`.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion to do it in a single line as the description is simple.
